the oil down that everybody know Maggie
toolbar Chicago if you got that we
picked this change when we start you're
down to that pounded and pounded up once
you finish the parking meter oh yeah
when you take up that oh freak my chunky
going stand on the highway that time the
trans-canada no is he the man stood on
the highway did he look the sun shine so
bright for the hook see the back of the
door frame
ontario in the gamma square and per
square inch quebec quebec donna mizani
engine block it or swearing Oh remember
moschino and Wendell SE lo yonder is
your present world took them to learn
they think you're better than us ter oh
yeah jeez Oh pregnant about the moonship
although the Japanese tourists more than
us with her Tamara the hot and even gave
it in the picture the city of arts
terrible or a para maana the two Dismas
so bad now with the TV on they don't
know what they're going to do I would I
guess they got to be meetings are living
the new strategy kino you're going to
dress up young n into black negligees
the summer change the name temptation
island hi frig off stove in da master 39
doubles 05
oh yeah mmm baby cots no allergies or
criteria how you're fat they got the
moves piss off nurse on the street now
piss off with premier rod he wanna
gangbang the premier so bad well in
Halifax Judy got the moves sitting your
poster for sale did not you oh yeah a
guy like that oh you know what the
people's theater